3.13 Release blogpost (#594)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/announcing-sourcegraph-3.13.md

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.13: Interactive search mode, structural search toggle, and campaigns with custom code execution"
author: Christina Forney
publishDate: 2020-02-20T10:00-07:00
tags: [
  blog
]
slug: sourcegraph-3.13
heroImage: https://about.sourcegraph.com/sourcegraph-mark.png
published: true
---

> Ship better software faster with Sourcegraph Universal Code Search, including code navigation, code intelligence, and code change management. With Sourcegraph, every company has access to the same kind of tools that Google and Facebook developers use every day.

Author: @adaaaam - this is the intro paragraph we need to update.

For example, if I wanted to bump the version of a library my `action.json` would be:

```json

TO DO

```

GitHub labels associated with campaigns are now displayed. Support for Bitbucket Server labels is coming soon. 

When creating a campaign, users can now specify the branch name that will be used on code host. This is also a breaking change for users of the GraphQL API since the `branch` attribute is now required in `CreateCampaignInput` when a `plan` is also specified.

## Basic code intelligence support reaches 32 languages

![Sourcegraph basic code intelligence languages](/images/3-13-language-extensions.png "Sourcegraph basic code intelligence languages")

With the addition of GraphQL, Groovy, Objective-C, Pascal, Protobufs, Verilog, and VHDL, Sourcegraph basic code intelligence now supports 32 languages. Every Sourcegraph instance comes enabled with basic code intelligence provided by search based heuristics. For fast and precise code intelligence see our [LSIF documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/code_intelligence/lsif).

## LSIF-based precise code intelligence for Dart

> TODO: screenshots

Reviewer: @efritz Can you recommend a repo with LSIF data for showing Dart code intel?

Reviewer 2: Working on this now: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/CHXHX7XAS/p1582212428372300

Author: In the google doc he recommended https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-dart, but it's not currently showing hovers. Thread about this in slack: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/CHXHX7XAS/p1582212428372300

Author: Added a quick video. @ryan-blunden feel free to update later if you have a better one in mind!

Campaign changesets from GitHub now show the GitHub labels. Support for Bitbucket Server labels is coming soon.

## Changes to Sourcegraph’s upgrade policy

Upgrading Sourcegraph is officially supported for one minor version increment (e.g., `3.12` -> `3.13`). Previously, upgrades from two minor version increments were supported. Please reach out to support@sourcegraph.com if you would like assistance upgrading from a much older version of Sourcegraph. Our [upgrade policy](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/#upgrading-sourcegraph) is now enforced by the `sourcegraph-frontend` on startup to prevent admins from mistakenly jumping too many versions.

## Customization settings

Sourcegraph 3.13 introduces two new customization settings:

- Users who prefer not to see search autocompletion suggestions can disable them by adding `search.hideSuggestions` set to `true` to their user settings. This will hide search suggestions in the search bar.
- Admins can now set a minimum password length on their instance. Add `auth.minPasswordLength` to the site config to enforce the password length upon user creation or updating passwords.

> ## Code intelligence data added to Sourcegraph pings

Author: @dadlerj - let me know if you have any concerns/feedback about this section

- Campaign changesets now display labels from code hosts. GitHub labels are currently supported and Bitbucket Server labels are coming soon.

## Changes to Sourcegraph’s upgrade policy

Our upgrade policy previously supported upgrades from two minor version increments. We have updated our policy to restrict upgrading to one minor version at a time (e.g., `3.12` -> `3.13`). Please reach out to support@sourcegraph.com if you would like assistance upgrading from a much older version of Sourcegraph. This [upgrade policy](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/#upgrading-sourcegraph) is now enforced by the `sourcegraph-frontend` on startup to prevent admins from mistakenly jumping too many versions.

## Customization settings

Sourcegraph 3.13 introduces two new customization settings:

- Users who prefer not to see search autocompletion suggestions can hide them by setting `search.hideSuggestions` to `true` in their user settings.
- Admins can now set a minimum password length on their instance. Add `auth.minPasswordLength` to the site config to enforce the password length when users create accounts or update passwords.

## Code intelligence data added to Sourcegraph pings

> Sourcegraph collects a small amount of anonymized, aggregate, and non-specific data from each instance. See the complete list of the [data we collect](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings), and our [ping philosophy](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/adding_ping_data#ping-philosophy). Code intelligence usage statistics will be sent to Sourcegraph via pings by default. Aggregated event counts can be disabled via the site admin flag `disableNonCriticalTelemetry`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph collects a small amount of high-level and aggregate data from each instance. See the complete list of the [data we collect](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings), and our [ping philosophy and rules](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/adding_ping_data#ping-philosophy). New usage statistics—specifically, aggregate counts of the numbers of hover, go to definition, and find references actions, aggregated 50th, 95th, and 99th percentile latencies for the same actions, and a total count of code change campaigns created, will be sent to Sourcegraph via pings by default. The aggregated event count metrics can be disabled via the site admin flag `disableNonCriticalTelemetry`.
```
